In Case You Missed It: a round-up of interesting technology-related links shared over the weekend.
Microsoft is one of the biggest technology companies in the world and its products and services are used by millions of people every day.
This week we found some major discounts on current flagships plus deals on midrangers and some entrylevel phones
The arrest of the alleged kingpin of Faridabad-based gang with a database of 669 crore individuals up for sale is one of the biggest crackdowns on data theft in the country, the Cyberabad police said.
In our series of letters from African journalists we look at the role of processual democracy in a democratic society.
How to solve todays Wordle NurPhoto via Getty Images April has begun with some wrinkles for your humble Wordle guide narrator
How to solve todays Wordle NurPhoto via Getty Images April has begun with some wrinkles for your humble Wordle guide narrator
El Banco Cooperativo Cosmos lleva a cabo en dos horas en cajeros automticos alredor Tua Fuente de la imagen Imagina y Viv Jones BBC World Service 2 abril 2023
Erfolg ist ein riesiger Erfolg fr die HomoEhe.
The world's first professional cricket team has been launched in the US.
The story of the Swahili is neither straightforward nor far off from the own legends Anthropologist Chapurukha Kusimba from the University of South Florida wrote in a new study published March 29 in the journal Nature opens in new tab
Anche i dipendenti delle aziende pi ricche del mondo hanno pessime abiti nella scelta e gestione delle proprie password A rivelarlo una ricerca di NordPass da anni che gli esper
Some of the key findings from the 2015 World Economic Forum (WEF) annual meeting in Davos, Switzerland:
Each day we feature a starting pitcher rankings hitter upgrade and downgrade as well as the latest MLB game odds.
Kites are one of the most common objects to be flown in the skies above the world and among different cultures kites have taken on a variety of meanings Kites are the oldest known heavierthanair objects to be flown in the skies above the world and among different cultures kites have taken on a variety
South Asia has just experienced its hottest December and February since 1901 and the coming weeks could be perilously hot.
In this series of articles I will be looking at some of the major players in the electric vehicle space.
El fenmeno de El Nio en el ocano Pacfico tropical La Nia ha sido uno de los cambios de prediccin a largo plazo a CNN el profesor Adam Scaife.
Gartners Data and Analytics Summit in Orlando this year explored the impact of extreme weather on people and the economy.
The French Air and Space Force has started fielding the new Rafale F41 standard.
Scientists have developed a computer model that can quickly and accurately predict where an impending solar storm will strike anywhere on Earth with 30 minutes of advance warning.
