Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti says the club's record goalscorer Karim Benzema and midfielders Luka Modric and Toni Kroos will stay at the club next season.
Germanys transport network will be at a near standstill on Monday as two of the countrys largest unions strike Staff at airports and ports rail buses and subways walked out shortly after midni Germanys transport network will be at a near standstill on Monday as two of the countrys largest unions strike Staff at airports and ports rail buses and subways walked out shortly after midni.
On 20 March 2003 US and allied forces invaded Iraq and toppled Saddam Hussein's regime.
Europe and Asia dominate a new list of the worlds best cities for public transit.
All photographs  Getty Images.
The European Parliament is expected to vote on Monday on whether to ban the sale of new CO2 emitting cars from 2035.
Germany is extending investment guarantees to Ukraine in the areas of seeds production, building materials and electronics.
Australia and Germany have signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) to co-operate on the development of rare earths and minerals.
Germany and France are joining the EU Commissions infringement proceedings against Hungary over its antiLGBT law.
The German government says it plans to boost the number of migrants coming to the country to help fill a growing number of job vacancies.
Germany coach Hans-Joachim Flick has called up five uncapped players for his first two matches in charge.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Germany has told the European Union not to tamper with rules that allow banks which are part of a network offering financial help in a crisis to benefit from lower capital and liquidity requirements.
All images are copyrighted.
Germany guarantees 221 euros of Ukraine investments econ Reuters.com Germany guarantees 221 euros of Ukraine investments econ Reuters.com.
"What is important is to approach all of it the issues and our football step by step.".
Germany plans to cut energy consumption by more than a quarter over the next 15 years in a bid to avoid a repeat of the energy crisis that hit the country in 2008.
Germany and the European Commission have agreed to speed up talks aimed at reaching a deal on the future of car emissions.
If you're a fan of OnePlus and Nokia then you might want to think again.
All images are copyrighted.
The number of French and German tourists visiting the UK is falling, according to the latest figures from the Office for National Statistics.
The prime minister of India has said his government will build a wall on the border with Pakistan to stop migrants from entering the country.
The Qatar Football Association (QFA) has announced the dates for the first round of qualifying matches for the European Championship.
The government has suspended its relationship with the Confederation of British Industry as pressure mounts after the Guardian revealed multiple allegations of sexual misconduct by the lobby groups staff.
When Sara and Karen Holmgaard play for their club side FC Copenhagen they are often mistaken for each other.
The Easter holiday season is off to a strong start with more than half a million people booked to go on holiday over the weekend.
In the US the Dow Jones is down more than 1% while the S&P 500 is down almost 1%.
All images are copyrighted.
Russia's foreign ministry has warned the US against making threats over the arrest of a Wall Street Journal reporter who has been charged with espionage.
The BBC News website takes a look at some of the reactions from around the world.
A row has broken out at the United Nations over the regulation of deep sea mining.
The journey from the edge of the demilitarised zone to downtown Seoul is a short one but the two worlds are very different.
Great Britain's Davis Cup captain Leon Smith has announced his team for this year's competition.
Paris St-Germain will take a 1-0 lead into the second leg of their Champions League last-16 tie with Wolfsburg.
Is it time for a referendum on the past?.
Julian Nagelsmann has been named as the new manager of Bayern Munich.
It's been a month since the International Criminal Court (ICC) issued an arrest warrant for Vladimir Putin a scant two weeks after a grand jury in New York voted to indict Donald Trump.
